# Functions Nested Loops

0. **[Task 0](./0-putchar)** - Write a program that prints _putchar, followed by a new line.
1. **[Task 1](./1-alphabet)** - Write a function that prints the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.
2. **[Task 2](./2-print_alphabet_x10)** - Write a function that prints 10 times the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.
3. **[Task 3](./3-islower)** - Write a function that checks for lowercase character. 
4. **[Task 4](./4-isalpha)** - Write a function that checks for alphabetic character. 
5. **[Task 5](./5-sign)** - Write a function that prints the sign of a number.
6. **[Task 6](6-abs)** - Write a function that computes the absolute value of an integer.
7. **[Task 7](./7-print_last_digit)** - Write a function that prints the last digit of a number.
8. **[Task 8](./8-24_hours)** - Write a function that prints every minute of the day of Jack Bauer, starting from 00:00 to 23:59.
9. **[Task 9](./9-times_table)** - Write a function that prints the 9 times table, starting with 0.
10. **[Task 10](./10-add)** - Write a function that adds two integers and returns the result.
11. **[Task 11](./11-print_to_98)** - Write a function that prints all natural numbers from n to 98, followed by a new line.
100. **[Task 100](./100-times_tables)** - Write a function that prints the n times table, starting with 0.
101. **[Task 101](./101-natural)** - If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23. Write a program that computes and prints the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1024 (excluded), followed by a new line.
102. **[Task 102](./102-fibonacci)** - Write a program that prints the first 50 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.
103. **[Task 102](./103-fibonacci)** - Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be: 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89. By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed 4,000,000, write a program that finds and prints the sum of the even-valued terms, followed by a new line.
104. **[Task 104](./104-fibonacci)** - Write a program that finds and prints the first 98 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.
